The first step is to run Simulation.java from the command line.
Simulation.java takes input from events.txt, which you can open next.
Running Simulation.java runs all actions found in events.txt.
Examples of commands and their format is found in events.txt, with a description above each command.
For example, the first command in events.txt is the creation of the Store, named Sam's Market.
The second command is the creation of a Receiver named Amy.
Other users are added, such as the Cashier, the Manager and the Reshelver.
Each of these users have access to different commands within the Grocery Store.
For example, our initial inventory is then set up by calling in the Receiver who scans in various items.
Since this is the initial set-up of our inventory, notice Order Number has been set to 0.
Any further orders then increase the Order Number by 1.
The different commands of each user have specific formats in order to be called.
In our events.txt, we have given several examples of each command to clarify their specific format.
For example, as seen when setting up our initial inventory, in order to add a product to inventory,
a Receiver is called to scan in the product.
Another example is in order to know where an item is located, a Reshelver is called to get the
location of a Carrot is given.
All different kinds of commands and how they are called can be found in events.txt.
Therefore, to get specific information, different commands are called.
For each example command we have given, we have also given descriptions above each of them for
guidance on how to inquire about specific information regarding the grocery store.
Take note that in our program, our program references the UPCs of products to refer to specific products.
Once you understand the formats of the commands via the examples given, you are now ready to add
your own commands!
To add your own commands, append and write them to events.txt, following the format of previous examples.
To run your newly added commands, run Simulation.java from the command line.
Depending on the events you have run, information within the store will be updated and
information about the store may also be printed.
You may continue to add more commands as you wish--just run Simulation.java from the command line
in order to run any new commands.